the algebra resort hosted the start of
stage five of this year's Tour of Qatar
159 km/h stage of the race 148 riders
set out from the start under clear blue
skies but with strong head winds blowing
they were anything but relaxed a small
break away managed to get away early
containing steamed of older Vladimir si
chef Daniel Sean and Patrick Gretch the
first hour ticked by with the riders
covering just shy of forty nine
kilometers by which time the league
group had built a lead of five minutes
from the peloton behind their advantage
peaked at nearly seven minutes before
the road turn north towards the finished
circuit at this point the riders were
ploughing straight into a headwind which
slowed things down considerably for the
full Man Group the leaders rolled
through the second sprint point as they
headed on to the final circuit while the
peloton began to organize themselves for
what was expected to be a bunch finish
lotto-belisol orica-greenedge and omega
pharma-quickstep protecting race leader
Niki Terpstra were all jostling at the
front of the peloton and the break was
eventually caught with seven kilometers
to go on the final straight lottos
Jurgen Rowland's was in prime position
to launch his sprinter Andre Greipel the
German timed his effort to perfection
jumping ahead of Oracle's IEDs crew opus
and powering away for his first win of
the week here at the stage results
courtesy of pro cycling stats rifle
ahead of crocus but belkin's Te'o boss
sneaking into third another strong
finish for Sam Bennett while Terpstra
rowlandson Tom Bonin all finished safely
towards the head of the bunch it's
pretty much as you were in the overall
standings with the top three all
finishing on the same time grapples win
sees him sneak just into the top ten
join us tomorrow for the sixth and final
stage of the Tour of Qatar from the
c-line beach resort in to Doha
culminating in ten laps around the city
streets don't forget we'll be offering
an alternative commentary during the
final hour of the stage make sure to
find us here on YouTube and get involved
on the start line everybody knew this
could be the hardest day of the week the
direction of the race plus 30 kilometer
an hour winds and the riders will be
facing a cross tailwind for ninety
percent of the state